Added kind support for README. (#847)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: cmd/clusterctl/README.md

### Prerequisites

> 1. Install [minikube](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-minikube/) or [kind](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind#installation-and-usage).

Reviewer: Should we prefer `kind` here and move the minikube references in another optional section?

Author: I put `kind` in the first and also mentioned `kind` as preferred, hope it is OK.

1. Create a cluster:

   ```shell
   ./clusterctl create cluster --provider <provider> --bootstrap-type <bootstrap-type> -c cluster.yaml -m machines.yaml -p provider-components.yaml -a addons.yaml
   ```

> We support two `bootstrap-type` now, including kind and minikube.

Reviewer 2: > Currently two `bootstrap-type` options are supported - `kind` and `minikube`.

Author: Done.

> If you are using minikube, to choose a specific minikube driver, please use the `--vm-driver` command line parameter. For example to use the kvm2 driver with clusterctl you would add `--vm-driver kvm2`

Reviewer 3: I believe this needs to be passed through using `--bootstrap-flags` instead of passed directly.

Author: @detiber it is being fixed at https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/pull/846

### Interacting with your cluster

> If you are using kind, config the `KUBECONFIG` first before using kubectl:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are using kind, set the `KUBECONFIG` environment variable first before using kubectl:
```

Author: Done.
